and a very exciting development for
those of you who love shopping at Costco
but hate shopping at Costco soon you
will be able to soon to have your Costco
order brought right to your door just
like you do with food now with a
delivery app called shipped Shi PT
they're rolling out in Tampa first they
are and then they hope to reach 50
cities by the end of the year and if
they're successful if we're able to get
everything from Costco delivered
directly to our home there's no reason
to ever leave the house again it's the
big question is how much do I tip
someone for carrying 34 pounds of ribs
and two gallons of barbecue sauce up my
driveway this is gonna it is a step in
the right direction but my dream what I
would like to do is cut out the
middleman completely and just move into
a Costco so I don't have to I love going
to Costco I think I would say it's one
of my hobbies I went to Costco on Sunday
just because I haven't been there in a
while I didn't eat anything they get
worried if I don't check in but I like
to see what's you know what that what's
new maybe buy a hundred rolls of paper
towels watch sometimes I'll watch like
finding Dory in its entirety on one of
the big screen kidneys and I don't know
maybe it's because I haven't been in a
couple of months I noticed some things
on Sunday that upset me and I want to
mention them these are not rules exactly
but they should be I'm an executive
member and I have some tips for fellow
shopper shopping at Costco it's kind of
like driving on the freeway it's not a
place to drift it's not a place to weave
and grow you have to stay focused
especially on the weekend when it's
packed
if you meander if you go from like
side-to-side looking at the cereal and
the nuts you're gonna kill someone
okay when you're in the aisle at Costco
shop with purpose you grab hold of that
card with two hands work it like the
throttle on a dirt bike rev it up and
keep and always stay with your cart this
is don't leave your card in the middle
of an aisle go off on a space walk
didn't think of your card as a ship the
card is a ship and you're the captain
the cart needs to go where the captain
goes you don't abandon ship if I get
stuck behind a cart somebody ditched
like in the jam-packed produce section
while they went off to look at the fast
and furious blu-ray collection
I don't just stand there waiting for
them to come back I do something about
it what I'll do is I'll take something
out of their cart I remove one item from
the cart so they go crazy looking for
when they get home where the hell are
the Vidalia onions and here's one this
is a tip for the employees in the
checkout line at Costco yes I do need a
box okay we all do always for the same
reason we need bags at the supermarket
multiplied by ten you don't have to ask
that's like saying as asking if I want
soda with a cup
I want it yes if I have more than two
things I need a box and I always have
more than two things at Costco now this
is a controversial subject samples this
is what they call a wedge issue
everybody loves the samples at Costco
which is great fine
it's Tuesday at 10:00 a.m. stores empty
you want to try a jalapeno popper hang
out with the lady with the toaster oven
on your table all afternoon if you want
make a day out of it I don't care go
nuts but if the store is crowded I need
to get past you and I don't want to wait
for your four cheese ravioli to be ready
to do it Costco is not a food court it's
a store you may have time to stand
around I need to get through some of
these monsters and maybe some of you in
this room do this will actually form a
circle around the sample table I've seen
whole families gathered around children
uncles grandparents pets they'll bring
in that's not acceptable if the food
it's not a wedding if the food isn't
ready keep circle back around if you
have to but do not form a line it Scott
it's not the Hometown Buffet
it's Costco if you like that chicken
base
by some of it you know your honor than
at home and stop acting like you never
tasted a churro before this is very good
and then the best is when you have to
sit here while they're pretending
they're gonna buy some what aisle are
these on don't patronize the sample
people they see it every day and one
other thing um yes they do have clothes
at Costco if you've not been there but
if you wear them know this no one will
have sex with you okay
those fled huge table piled up with like
a thousand sweat jackets it's a form of
birth control okay
I've done studies and I know this no man
in a purple Kirkland polo shirt has ever
felt the touch of a woman buy your
clothes somewhere on commercial that's
all you need to know have been shopping
am i right on this fear mo thank you
I'm always Rocky see if I was president
Trump this is what I would be focused on
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die